We have already covered two whole sections on performance and discourse as you can see it is a big topic
with a lot of things that can be done.
We learned about network optimizations and Front-End optimizations.
But in this part we're going to learn about the last missing piece.
What can we do on the backend to optimize our performance.
We're going to talk about CDN as a topic we have briefly mentioned before and this course we're going
to talk about caching database scaling Jesus.
And finally load balancing an exciting topic where we get to do a bit of low testing for fun.
We have a lot to cover so let's get started.
I'll see in the next video.